The announce had chockbar until the Hexagon. More than a week after the USA had desecrate the abortion right, the "Avortement en Europe - les femmes décident" group organised Sunday the $2^{nd}$ of July, demonstrations in the whole France. 

As a reminder, The USA supreme Court ended, the 24 June, the juridic federal guarantee of abortion in the whole country. It belong now at 50 states to pronounce them on the abortion. 

If the abortion right seems, for many people, obtained in France, for the demonstrators presents in the capital streets, the danger is that the abortion regress anywhere and several countries inspire them of the USA for ... it on the territory. 

Holding, red painted clothes carriers, the demonstrators marched in singing "Form NY to Paris, abortion free and gratis" moreover "L'IVG, on s'est battu pour le gagner, on se battra pour le garder". 

<u>(ayaya c pas bon ca</u> $\downarrow$)
Another stake of the movement, claim the entry in the constitution of the right that terminates pregnancy, like it is debated since many days in the rows of the political class. 

A positive news, for the abortion advocate in the USA : Google announced Wednesday $1^{st}$ of July that the localisation datas of users will automatically be erased in case of a specialised abortion clinic visit. 

#### Correction
The announcement stunned people as far as France. 
(Mieux de mettre France que Hexagon). 
More than a week after the united states desacralised the right of abortion. The group "Abortion in Europe - women decide" organised demonstrations all over the France / through France on Saturday, July $2^{\text{nd}}$ . 
(Attention : pour une date : Le jour c'est on )

As a reminder, on June $24^{th}$, the supreme supreme court of the US put an end to the federal judicial protection of (the right to) abortion in the entire country.

It is now up to the $50$ states to decide what to do with abortion / to chose their abortion rules. Now abortion rights rest with the $50$ states.  Now deciding what abortion rules must be rests with the $50$ states. 
(Pour rest, c'est appartenir sans possession donc belong ne convient pas)

Even though / according to many people 
While in many people's eyes the right to abortion seems (to be) safe in France. 
For the demonstrators who were in the streets of Paris.

1. The danger is that the right to abortion could / may / might go backward and that some countries could / may / might be inspired by the USA and abolish this right in / on their territory
2. There is a danger of abortion rights going backwards everywhere and of some countries following the USA lead and taking this right away in / on their territory

While waving hanger they had painted red, the demonstrators waved red-painted hangers and marched while chanting "For New-York to paris, abortion free and gratis" or "We fought for the right to abortion, we'll fight against its termination". 
(Faire des jeux de mots sans changer le sens)

Something else is also at stake for this movement : asking for the right of abortion to be added to the French Constitution. A possibility which has been discussed among politicians for several days. 

Some good news for the defenders / supporters of abortion in the USA, on Friday, July $1^{st}$, Google announced that its users' <u>(Ajouter une </u>$'$<u> après un mot au pluriel avec un "s" pour signifier l'appartenance)</u> location data would automatically be deleted if they visited an abortion clinic / a clinic providing abortions. 