## Proposition
When he was thirteen years old, he was telling himself: “When I will have my BAC I will go in a preparatory class”. He believed him, but he was doing all the necessary efforts to hit (reach) his goal. They were two children in the family and Pierre, the older, had succeed to be accepted in one of the better France school. What a luck!

Few of years later, he was finding himself in the same situation as his older brother. It been years that he waits this and was not disappointed. He was finally given the opportunity to study the world of politics and economics in more depth than in high school. Of course, he had to work hard, but it wasn't the first time that he had been asked to try a challenge. Thanks to sport he was used to do tests. Moreover, didn't he have a good sense of humor? This allowed him not to give up when he was faced with failure.
## Correction
When he was thirteed, he used to say to himself / he would tell himself. When I graduate from high school/ When I pass my baccalaureate, I'll go to a classe préparatoire. Not only did he believe it, but he also made all the necessary efforts to manage to do so. There were two of them in his family and Pierre, the elder son, had already succeeded in beeing accpted in one of the bas schools in France. How lucky! A few years later, it was his turn to find himself in the same situation as his elder brother. He had been waiting for it for years and he was not disappointed. At least, he was finally given the ocasion to study the world of politics and economics in a more through way than in high school