# Notes : 1973 Roe v. wade decision
Ensure the sec of th mother
stop all abortion in USA
Abortion is murder
when u allow to kill a life in usa -> not good for usa
Child rights???多多多多

USA : the first 3 month of pregnancy -> protect women


# Roe v wade 1973
Roe V wade established abortion a fundamental right until the end of the first three month of pregnancy 
It overruled decision in Texas, and Georgia because no state can prevent a woman from having access to abortion. 

During the second semester : the state may regulate to ensure the security of the mother. 

In the last three months : the state law prevails. 

Pro life (adj) : Opposing abortion and euthanasia as they argue nobody can take away a life. Abortion is seen as a crime -> Pro-lifers (noun)

Pro Choice (adj) : Advocating the legal right of a women to choose whether or not she will have an abortion -> Pro choicers (noun)

Planned parenthood : is a nonprofit organisation that provide a variety of reproductive health services and sexual harassement.

# Timeline
<u>1973 : Roe V Wade</u> established the constitutional right of abortion. 
1992 : Parenthood V. Casey reasserted the constitutional right to abortion but also limited it as it allowed states to regulate abortion. ($\Rightarrow$ associated legal frame with fetal viability)
2016 : Whole Women's Health v. Hellerstedt.
The court ruled 5-3 that Texas could not place restrictions on the delivery of abortion services that create an undue burden for women seeking an abortion.
<u>2022 : Dobbs v. Jackson Women's health organisation</u>
US Supreme court overturns Roe v. Wade and revokes the constitutional right to abortion, letting each state decide about the access to abortion. 


# Today's situation
What are the stakes of the battle over abortion today in the US?


# The fight for abortion right
#### The democratic life
Many legal battles are unfurling in the states. It looks like a state of civil war.
Medical care : 
- Women's health is endangered : Example : US mortality rate is the worst among developed countries
- Potential new bans on other medications linked to sensitive social issues ("politicized medications" l. 64)
- Lack of OB GYNs in some states, which weakens medical care

