# Child hunger in the UK
Free meal depends on age and income of the parents.

- Universal free school meals for children aged 4-6 in England
- Income threshold for older children

But with the rising costs of living, many children who do not qualify for free school meals are starving.
110 000 children living in poverty do not qualify for free school meals. Many teachers have shared harrowing accounts of widespread hunger in classrooms. 

Some politicians react to this : Labour, Lib Dems, London's Mayor (Sadiq Jhan)
Celebrities : Marcus Rashford
for wider access school meals.

# Warm hub
This is a place where people are invited to warm them without heat their home, this is a solution for the heat or eat crisis.
Warm banks are warm, ,safe places where residents can expect a friendly and inclusive welcome. 

#### Issue raised
- Role of charity vs role of government
- Food banks were supposed to be a short term fix to the 2008-2009 financial crisis, but they have become entrenched in British Society.
- We also don't know the threshold, is there a kind of discrimination?

# The heating crisis
#### The prepayment scandal
Prepayment meters are making scandal in the UK because energy suppliers force people to install prepayment meters by warrants. 

The Prepayment meters are in general more expensive than classical. In one year the price is more than £490 compared to others

# Poverty premium
The idea that the poor pay more for essential goods and services.

# The observer view on the shameful premium that the poorest pay for their energy
#### Why are British Gas's practices described as "appalling"
They use the disability of someone to make profits. 

British Gas has contracting with debt collection firms, that have been granted warrants to forcibly fit prepayment meters.

#### Who / What does the observer blame for the increasing numbers of households falling into fuel poverty
- Rising energy prices (because of the war in Ukraine)
- Decade of benefit and tax credit cuts (the conservative party - Cameron started launching austerity measures as soon as he took office in 2010)
- Sluggish wage growth (which lags behind inflation, the rising cost of living) (capitalism, globalisation, ..., economic crisis lack of political will)
- The lowest income households are also far more likely to live in poor-quality housing stock that is energy inefficient and so costs more to heat. 

#### How is the number of households in fuel poverty likely to evolve according to The Observer? Why?
The government started to increase the cap limit of the annual bill of £500 (from £2500 to £3000)

#### What could reduce fuel poverty according to The Observer?
- A new social energy tariff
- Reduce tariffs on prepayment meters so they are no more expensive than direct debit tariffs. 
- Improve the regulation of the private rental sector so that landlords have to make homes more energy efficient.


