# Homework
In matter of social right, the London residence, of the Elisabeth Queen. There is nothing to desire about industrials like McDonald's or BK. Due to that, The zero hour warrants, that the Royal Palace graciously offered at three hundred and fifty seasonal to welcome the tourists. Those warrants, britain specified, do not garant at the empolyed people, no work hours (depends of the frequency), and not minimum wage, 

Theses ... warrants are nothing to new, but win more in more terrain. Mcdo, for example, takes this option 
McDonald’s, for example, has used it since its arrival on British soil in nineteen sevety four. If the formula can sometimes be  for certain students, retirees or housewives who wish to increase their income, it would receive. 
now more than a million Britons, or 3% to 4% of the country’s workforce.

# Traduction de faire
1. I am sorry for the waiting time
2. Victor will get you to the exit. 
3. I will first let you visit the house, to let you decide in what bedroom you want to sleep.
4. You need to get the turkey cooked to keep the meat ...
5. My grandmother let various plants growth in her garden and many of them are unknown of me. 
6. The nurse was totally lost with his patient 

#### Correction
1. I'm sorry, I kept you waiting
2. Victor will let you out. 
3. I will first show you round the house so that you can decide in what bedroom you want to sleep.
4. Turkey should be roasted in a warm oven in order to / so as to keep the meat moist. 
5. My grandmother grows a great variety of plants in her garden many of which I have never heard of. 
6. The nurse was at such a loss with his patient that he had to send for the doctor to help him. 
7. The painter drew / painted a protrait of the Queen the dat she was crowned. 
8. She has written / wrote the music of all his / her albums. 
9. 
10. This actor played in many comedies before he was finally 
11. Do you have the launch delivered? nO, i'd rather cook my own meals. 
12. The region of India has grown tea for centuries. 
13. Even thought James is a bully, I cannot avoid him as he worked in the same office as me. I must put up with him. 
14. After weeks of lockdown / confinement, the island's inhabitants will have to make do with the little stock / little merchandise / few goods / few commodities they have. The shops' shelves are empty. 
15. My great grandmother is going to be 100 years old. I would not have guessed if you hadn't told me. She doesn't look her age. 
16. Three and three is six