

Since the 1980s, Soviet Union is following the USA to decrease after the 60s

For the last 50 years, the leadership of Russia decrease while the united state stay at the same place, moreover China and India imposed them in the last 30 years. 

In the 1960s, this is the paroxysm of the airspace conquest and also the orbital launches for USA and URSS

Today : 
United states Have totally disappear, and China takes the lead of the orbital launches. 




# Correction
In the 1960s, only a few satellites were launched

Ffor the last 50 years eastern countries have lauched more satellites than western countries. 

Since the 1980s, the public orbital launches have decreased.

Today, many developing countries getting involves un the space industry. 

# The new space race pits the U.S. against China. The U.S. is losing badly
#### Quote two events which led to the publication
- The movie of Damien Chazelle : "First Man"
- Chinese ambition

China doesn't have enemies they are far away, compared to the other countries. 

#### What are China's assets
China not only wants to exploit ressources, but also industrialize the moon. 
China needs to control the space to gain the military supremacy. 


#### Focus on the last paragraph and conclude about the message of the author
The author warn American about the danger, which is the China about space, he thinks China will be the future space controllers.


#### Résumé : Correction
For the journalist the stakes are clearly political, he opposes the space race two main actors, China and the USA, not as technological leaders but as political models. So, the outcome of the race is not so much about who will have access to the huge ressources, but how the new territory will be governed. 

The notion of frontier : 
He refers to the notion of Frontier which reminds us of Kennedy's use of term New Frontier in his acceptance speech in the 190 United States presidential election to the Democratic National Convention. The phrase later developed into a label for his administration's domestic and foreign programs. 
w