# Social media vs reality
- The cartoonist denounces the impact of the pressure of the social media users. $\Rightarrow$ Mental instability / eating disorders. 
- Social media feed the filling of insecurity
- People need love / they want to make the others jealous

# Document
Notes

complotist vision
mental stabillitty of our generation is low
Responsibles to change technology

	
Type : This is a trailer of a film : the social dilemma on Netflix
- Scientists / Major actors of the industry of social media
- Fake news spread faster than real news
- Mental 

Type of the document :
- The social Dilemma is a 2020 American docudrama film / a Netflix documentary based on the interviews of many former tech companies' employees such as Google, Instagram, Facebook
Describe the document :
- The social media are not a tool to socialize anymore as our actions on these e+media are scrutinized, analyzed in order to use the users' psychology against them. 
  The social media manage to have a major influence on people's decisions without the users ever being aware of this influence. 
Tone of the document
- People who created the social media warn against their impact of the society today.
  "We are toast" = we are doomed = dead. "This is checkmate on Humanity".
  Social media convey fake news
  They keep people apart rather than gather them.
  Social media are a great tool to control masses. 
  It creates mass chaos, loneliness, polarization, election hacking, inability to focus on the real issues

